ICICI Lombard health insurance
policies come in 3 types. First,
ICICI Lombard Complete Health
Insurance. Second, Health Booster Policy and Arogya
Sanjivani Policy. The
major difference that people see between these three policies is
their benefits,
valid service and premium amount. These are
some of the key differences that
you will see between these policies. Apart from this, all these
three policies come with 60 network hospitals, no
claim intimation, and 24-hour customer support. So,
what are
some of the benefits of taking such a health insurance policy?
Let us know. First, it covers post-
hospitalization. Second, it
covers pre-existing diseases. Third, it is a
cashless treatment. Fourth, it covers
ambulance expenses. Fourth, it provides
additional means (16) provided for
pregnant women. Seventh day treatment
covers home health care not provided. Third, it covers
expenses (1000). Eleventh, Class, Twelfth,
Subscribe to Delhi Hospital on 08000980009.
Sixteenth A provides personal
accident cover along with tax benefits
on top of all these benefits. What
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
Jyoti does not cover are medical
expenses included during the four thirty days
till the commencement of the policy coverage. Nine
allopathic treatment expenses arising
out of alcohol and drug cost
spectacles medical expenses included for
treatment of egg test related to
infertility joint replacement unless
it is due to accident.
One can also avail 5%
tax discount on purchasing this policy online. The basic documents required to
file a health insurance claim are:
Adily Field Inside Claim Form
Original Bills Research Institute
Certificate Insider Key Spears'
ICC Number If you have any health insurance related
queries, you
can ask us in the comments below. To
watch more such insurance related videos,
subscribe to our channel Politics today
with bill notifications
[Music]
Loot Gaye
Ke Andar
Nayi  Delhi
MP3